The reason why I don't have that ring
It's because Lamborghi cheated my 5 million
Hahaha what?
You are talking nonsense.
Kam Shang owns the entire Nan Fung Group
How could I possibly care about your 5 million
Everything I say is true
I couldn't afford it that day.
Stole my phone in front of my face
Took my 5 million from my bank card
It left me penniless. I
That's not wait wait
Did you say that Kam took your mobile phone transfer evidence?
I was there that day and I can testify
Hello everyone, I was abandoned by the Song family
Now homeless
I'm cleaner than my face now.
I admit that I am not a headscarf yet
Hey, I thought it was reasonable for you to cry.
Captain, think of a way
If this is photographed and posted online
Your reputation is doomed
Okay, stop crying.
Hahaha, you just murdered me.
Oh, look at this little face crying, it's raining
Who doesn't feel distressed when they see it?
Auntie, I beg you, haha.
Hmph, when my tyrannical total rent wants to say it for nothing
I can't cure your stinky problem